Add steps for CVE ID and CVE details (#190)
kubernetes/committee-security-response: cna-handbook.md

docker run --env-file=env.txt -it --rm $USER/cvelib:latest user create -h
```

### Assign a CVE ID to the vulnerability

When a vulnerability report is received, follow the [CNA decision tree](https://cve.mitre.org/cve/cna/rules.html#Appendix_C)
to determine if this is a valid vulnerability, in scope for the Kubernetes CNA, that has not yet been assigned a CVE ID,
and if so, how many distinct vulnerabilities exist in the report.

If a reserved ID is not available, run the following to reserve a new CVE ID or a batch of IDs:

```bash
docker run --env-file=env.txt -it --rm $USER/cvelib:latest reserve -h
```

Assign a reserved ID to the issue, and add at least the following information in the [tracking sheet]:
* Date reserved
* Description
* Link to the tracking issue in https://github.com/kubernetes-security/security-disclosures/issues (created as part of [on-call workflow](src-oncall.md#incident-response-workflow))

### Populate CVE Details after Public Disclosure 

1. Ensure there is a Kubernetes github issue labeled `area/security` whose title contains the CVE ID.
This will appear in the issue query linked from https://kubernetes.io/cve.

> 1. Once a vulnerability is made public, populate the CVE details in https://github.com/CVEProject/cvelist. This should be done as soon as reasonably possible after the vulnerability is made public (ideally, O(days)).

Reviewer: I'm guessing CVE details gets auto-populated now?

Author: AFAICT after we run `cvelib publish` the information gets auto-populated on https://github.com/CVEProject/cvelist

1. Generate the CVElist json file

    * See https://github.com/CVEProject/cvelist/blob/master/2023/2xxx/CVE-2023-2727.json as an example.

    * https://vulnogram.github.io/#editor is a useful tool for generating the CVE details, but should only be used once the vulnerability has been made public.

>     Fill in or update the relevant fields, including:

Reviewer: Are all these fields accurate? I don't see some of these in vulnogram editor.

Author: I took these fields from the 4.0 json generated and they should all be in vulnogram editor. Will update `workaround` so it has a space like it is in the editor. The only field that is in 4.0 but not in 5.0 is `Assigner`. But I don't know if we can move to 5.0 yet?

    * State: `PUBLIC`
    * Assigner: `security@kubernetes.io`
    * Affects: List historical minor versions affected and "prior to 1.x.y" patch versions affected
    * Credits: The vulnerability reporter's name
    * Description: `The Kubernetes <component> command/component in versions <affected versions> <vulnerability>`
    * Impact: CVSS impact
    * Problem type: Select a problem type from https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/699.html if applicable

>     * References: Link to the Kubernetes github issue(s) (with type CONFIRM) and mailing list announcement (with type MLIST)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * References: Link to the Kubernetes github issue(s) (with type `issue-tracking`) and mailing list announcement (with type `mailing-list`)
```
running through this now and the tags in the tool may have changed.

Author: updated
